Hi there!

By now you know I am Chandré De Wet and here are more things to learn about me:

   * My favourite sport is Rugby because I love how it feels like a school fight, the players adrenaline go crazy and they do some funny things on the field. It's way easier to understand than some other sports.

   * It's really difficult to decide on a favourite, but for today I am going to say Indian food, when it's authentic and when it isn't too strong. I love, the variety in one meal, especially when eaten in India. Your meal comes with rice and rooti and yoghurt and fresh onions on top and cucumber and dahl and tomato sambals, and and and....

   * This is a real old music video from one of my favourite singers Sara Groves and she sings about all sorts of things, life, God, marriage, current politics etc, but this one of the first songs to really touch my heart, the words,the video and the little comments they put on the music video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dLBSA5VSBw

   * You probably know by now that I love history, and I wanted to write about that and why, but then I realised this comes from my previous periods of being in missions. So an interesting fact about me is, that I have been travelling to different nations and places since 13 years old when I went to Romania but in the process seeing and experiencing things normal people who dont travel don't but really some of my favourite moments were in 2014 in India and Nepal, where I decided that my mission is simply to hear people's stories, to listen to them, and got to hear and meet some interesting people. A woman whos parents brought her and her brother to India from Tibet when she was 4 but then they came back a year later and the childrens home had moved three times and her parents looked for her for 11 years but after the China/Tibet war they stopped looking. She found her mother again when she decided to go back in her 50's. The most beautiful children living next to a rubbish dump in Northern India. A girl who's mom left her dad and then she had to do work no woman should do to be able to get money to feed her family. A couple hiding in a country cause he was a male nurse whose father changed christian and after his father died, he continued to be christian out of his own choice, but also his health clinic helped people for free but also they prayed for people, so he and his family had to flee this country because it is normal in the country his comes from to have honour killings, where his cousins would kill him to show that they are punishing him for being Christian.
   Yes, these are not my stories, and I don't know if I am that interesting, but hearing these stories, getting to know people and places and cultures and now even pursuing my own family history has made my life very interesting and I hope makes me interesting too.